challenges/leftJoin/leftJoinTest.java
 challenges.leftJoin.leftJoinTest
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/PseudoQueueTest.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.PseudoQueueTest
dataStructures/tree/TreeTest.java
 dataStructures.tree.TreeTest
dataStructures/graph/GraphTest.java
 dataStructures.graph.GraphTest
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/QueueTest.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.QueueTest
challenges/QuickSortTest.java
 challenges.QuickSortTest
dataStructures/utilities/MultiBracketValidationTest.java
 dataStructures.utilities.MultiBracketValidationTest
challenges/treeIntersection/TreeIntersectionTest.java
 challenges.treeIntersection.TreeIntersectionTest
challenges/ArrayShiftTest.java
 challenges.ArrayShiftTest
challenges/BinarySearchTest.java
 challenges.BinarySearchTest
challenges/MergeSortTest.java
 challenges.MergeSortTest
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/NodeTest.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.NodeTest
dataStructures/hashtable/HashtableTest.java
 dataStructures.hashtable.HashtableTest
challenges/LibraryTest.java
 challenges.LibraryTest
dataStructures/tree/FizzBuzzTreeTest.java
 dataStructures.tree.FizzBuzzTreeTest
challenges/InsertionSortTest.java
 challenges.InsertionSortTest
challenges/repeatedWord/RepeatedWordTest.java
 challenges.repeatedWord.RepeatedWordTest
dataStructures/linkedList/LinkedListTest.java
 dataStructures.linkedList.LinkedListTest
dataStructures/utilities/AnimalShelterTest.java
 dataStructures.utilities.AnimalShelterTest
dataStructures/tree/BinaryTreeTest.java
 dataStructures.tree.BinaryTreeTest
dataStructures/tree/NodeTest.java
 dataStructures.tree.NodeTest
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/StackTest.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.StackTest
dataStructures/tree/BinarySearchTreeTeat.java
 dataStructures.tree.BinarySearchTreeTeat
dataStructures/breadthFirst/BreadthFirstTest.java
 dataStructures.breadthFirst.BreadthFirstTest
