challenges/ArrayShift.java
 challenges.ArrayShift
dataStructures/hashtable/Hashtable.java
 dataStructures.hashtable.Hashtable
dataStructures/tree/BinaryTree.java
 dataStructures.tree.BinaryTree
dataStructures/utilities/StackGeneric.java
 dataStructures.utilities.StackGeneric
 dataStructures.utilities.StackGeneric$gNode
dataStructures/utilities/AnimalShelter.java
 dataStructures.utilities.AnimalShelter
 dataStructures.utilities.AnimalShelter$gNode
dataStructures/utilities/MultiBracketValidation.java
 dataStructures.utilities.MultiBracketValidation
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/PseudoQueue.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.PseudoQueue
challenges/QuickSort.java
 challenges.QuickSort
dataStructures/tree/GtreeNode.java
 dataStructures.tree.GtreeNode
challenges/InsertionSort.java
 challenges.InsertionSort
dataStructures/linkedList/LinkedList.java
 dataStructures.linkedList.LinkedList
 dataStructures.linkedList.LinkedList$Node
dataStructures/tree/Gqueue.java
 dataStructures.tree.Gqueue
dataStructures/tree/FizzBuzzTree.java
 dataStructures.tree.FizzBuzzTree
dataStructures/tree/Gtree.java
 dataStructures.tree.Gtree
dataStructures/hashtable/HashNode.java
 dataStructures.hashtable.HashNode
dataStructures/tree/BinarySearchTree.java
 dataStructures.tree.BinarySearchTree
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/Queue.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.Queue
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/Stack.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.Stack
dataStructures/tree/Tree.java
 dataStructures.tree.Tree
dataStructures/tree/Node.java
 dataStructures.tree.Node
challenges/BinarySearch.java
 challenges.BinarySearch
dataStructures/stacksandqueues/Node.java
 dataStructures.stacksandqueues.Node
challenges/Library.java
 challenges.Library
challenges/MergeSort.java
 challenges.MergeSort
